Resolve resources in controller (#18162)
kyma-project/kyma: components/function-controller/README.md

- [controller-gen](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-tools/releases/tag/v0.6.2) (v0.6.2)
- <!-- markdown-link-check-disable-line -->[kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/releases/tag/kustomize%2Fv4.5.7) (v4.5.7)

To develop the component, use the formulae declared in the [Makefile](./Makefile).

> To run manager and setup envs correctly,  source [controller.env](./hack/controller.env). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the manager and set up envs correctly, source [controller.env](./hack/controller.env). 
```

> You can customize configuration by editing files in [hack](./hack) dir. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the configuration by editing files in [hack](./hack) dir. 
```
